Add GUIDE.md (#74)
tg-rs/carapax: GUIDE.md

# Simple app

Here is a simple app:

```rust
use carapax::{Api, Context, Api, Ref};
use carapax::types::{ChatId, Text};
use carapax::methods::SendMessage;
use carapax::longpoll::LongPoll;

async fn echo(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, message: Text) -> Result<(), ExecuteError> {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, message.data);
    api.execute(method).await?;
    Ok(())
}

let api = Api::new("BOT_TOKEN")?;

let context = Context::new();
context.insert(api.clone());

let app = App::new(context, echo);
LongPoll::new(api, app).run().await;
```

Let's figure it out line-by-line.

```rust
let api = Api::new("BOT_TOKEN")?;
```

`Api` is something like you can usually see as `Bot` in other languages. It executes all API methods and download files.

```rust
let context = Context::new();
context.insert(api.clone());
```

> `Context` is type map which contains all user data. We add `Api` into it in this case.

Reviewer: Not only data, but services or something like this. Any object you want.

Now the most interesting part. 

```rust
fn echo(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, message: Text) -> Result<(), ExecuteError> {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, message.data);
    api.execute(method).await?;
    Ok(())
}
```

`echo` is our handler. Signature of the handler also define it propagation behavior.

Every argument of `echo` implements `TryFromInput` so it creates itself from Telegram's update and `Context`.

```rust
api: Ref<Api>
```

We get our data from `Context` using `Ref` type

```rust
chat_id: ChatId
```

We want to get chat ID so there will be try to get it from update. 
If it is not applicable, handler will not be executed.

```rust
message: Text
```

Similar to the previous argument.

```rust
let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, message.data);
api.execute(method).await?;
```

We execute `sendMessage` method.

# `Chain` handler

What if we have bot that is more complicated than just sending messages back?

We can use `Chain` handler. It chains handler and run them in a sequence.

```rust
let chain = Chain::default();
chain
    .add_handler(rate_limiter)
    .add_handler(statistics)
    .add_handler(cas)

>     .add_handler(start) // let's say this handler works with `/start` command

Reviewer: maybe we should write start.command("/start")?

>     .add_handler(info) // this one shows information on `/info` command

Reviewer: Same as start

    .add_handler(cats); // and this one sends you awesome cats
```

# Controlling propagation

Propagation of handlers can be controlled in two different ways:
1. By handler arguments. 

For example:

```rust
fn i_want_text(message: Text) {}
```

> We expect message text but if user sends video, handler will not run and propagation of the next one will be started.

Reviewer: If video has a caption, it will be executed

2. Return `HandlerResult`.

```rust
async fn cas(client: Ref<CasClient>, user: User) -> HandlerResult {
    let is_user_banned = client.check_user(user.id);
    if is_user_banned {

>         HandlerResult::Continue

Reviewer: Stop?

# Introduction

Carapax is based on [tgbot](https://github.com/tg-rs/tgbot) — a core library for interacting with Telegram API.
It provides [`Api`](https://docs.rs/tgbot/latest/tgbot/struct.Api.html) struct
which allows you to execute methods and download files.
And [`UpdateHandler`](https://docs.rs/tgbot/latest/tgbot/trait.UpdateHandler.html) trait to process updates.

> Carapax introduces a more flexible update handlers and other utilities to build a complex bots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Carapax introduces more flexible update handlers and other utilities to build complex bots.
```

Let's get started:

```rust no_run
use carapax::{
    longpoll::LongPoll,
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, Text},
    webhook::run_server,
    Api, App, Context, ExecuteError, Ref, SyncedUpdateHandler
};

const DEBUG: bool = true;

async fn echo(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, text: Text) -> Result<(), ExecuteError> {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, text.data);
    api.execute(method).await?;
    Ok(())
}

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {

>     // Create api client with a token provided by Bot Father.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Create an api client with a token provided by Bot Father.
```

    let api = Api::new("BOT_TOKEN").expect("Failed to create API");

>     // Context is a type map wich allows to share objects between handlers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Context is a type map which allows one to share objects between handlers.
```

    // Every object you insert in context must implement Clone.
    let mut context = Context::default();
    context.insert(api.clone());

    // App is the main entry point.
    // First argument is the context.
    // Second - an input handler.
    // App implements UpdateHandler trait provided by tgbot,

>     // so you can use it in LongPoll or run_server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // so you can use it in either long polling (`LongPoll::new()`) or webhook (`run_server()`)
```

    let app = App::new(context, echo);

    if DEBUG {
        // Start receiving updates using longpoll method
        LongPoll::new(api, app).run().await;
    } else {
        // or webhook
        run_server(([127, 0, 0, 1], 8080), "/", SyncedUpdateHandler::new(app)).await.expect("Failed to run webhook");
    }
}
```

## Handlers

> In example above `app` calls `echo` handler on every new update received from Telegram API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In example above `app` calls `echo` handler on every update received from Telegram API.
```

"new update" is weird

Handlers must implement [`Handler`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/trait.Handler.html) trait.

> Since this trait is implemented for `Fn` (with up to 10 arguments), we can use a regular functions as handlers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since this trait is implemented for `Fn` (with up to 10 arguments), we can use regular functions as handlers.
```

It's recommended to use a function when you need a simple handler.

> Implement `Handler` trait for your own type only in a complex cases (e.g. you need a custom decorator or predicate).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement `Handler` trait for your own type only in complex cases (e.g. you need a custom decorator or predicate).
```

What are the "complex cases"?

```suggestion
Implement `Handler` trait for your own type only when you need a custom decorator, or predicate.
```

> Handler takes any type which implements [`TryFromInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/trait.TryFromInput.html) as input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Handler takes any type that implements [`TryFromInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/trait.TryFromInput.html) as input.
```

> And should return a future with [`HandlerResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/enum.HandlerResult.html) output,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It should return a future with [`HandlerResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/enum.HandlerResult.html) output,
```

These two sentences (lines 65-66) feel disconnected from each other.

if you want to use it in `App` struct.

> `App` creates a [`HandlerInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.HandlerInput.html) with `Context` and an `Update`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`App` creates a [`HandlerInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.HandlerInput.html) with a `Context` and an `Update`,
```
or
```suggestion
`App` creates a [`HandlerInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.HandlerInput.html) with `Context` and `Update`,
```

Overall, using definite/indefinite articles with names is debatable, but whatever.

> converts it into an input for a specific handler using `TryFromInput` trait.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then converts it into an input for a specific handler using `TryFromInput` trait.
```
or
```suggestion
converting it into an input for a specific handler using `TryFromInput` trait.
```

depending on what you wanted to say. The meaning is not clear for me though.

> Handler will be executed only if `TryFromInput` returned `Some(T)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Handler will be executed only when `TryFromInput` returns `Some(T)`.
```

> So, in example above, `echo` will run only when `Update` contains any `Text` (message text, media captions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So, in example above, `echo` will be called only when `Update` contains any `Text` (message text, media captions).
```

> Use `Ref<T>` as argument type when you need to get an object from context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `Ref<T>` as argument type when you need to get an object from the context.
```
or
```suggestion
Use `Ref<T>` as the argument type when you need to get an object from the context.
```

> If object is not found, `TryFromInput` returns an error and handler will not run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If object is not found, `TryFromInput` returns an error, therefore the handler will not run.
```

### Chain

> Chain is a handler which allows to execute more than one handler:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chain is a handler which allows to execute several handlers, one after another:
```

```rust
use carapax::Chain;

async fn handler1(_: ()) {}
async fn handler2(_: ()) {}
async fn handler3(_: ()) {}

let chain = Chain::default()
    .add_handler(handler1)
    .add_handler(handler2)
    .add_handler(handler3);
```

Handlers will run in same order as added.

> If a handler returns `HandlerResult::Stop` or `HandlerResult::Error(_)`, all handlers added after that handler will not run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a handler returns `HandlerResult::Stop` or `HandlerResult::Error(_)`, all the subsequent handlers will not run.
```

### HandlerResult

> Normally every handler must return a `HandlerResult` or any type which converts into it:

Reviewer 2: ****
```suggestion
Normally every handler must return a `HandlerResult` or a type that converts into it:
```

| From            | To                          |
|-----------------|-----------------------------|
| `()`            | `HandlerResult::Stop`       |
| `true`          | `HandlerResult::Continue`   |
| `false`         | `HandlerResult::Stop`       |
| `Result<T, E>`  | `T.into::<HandlerResult>()` |

## Predicates

[`Predicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.Predicate.html)

> is a decorator which allows to decide, should handler run or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is a decorator which allows to decide, should a handler run or not.
```

> It is useful when you need to implement a ratelimit or close a handler or entire bot from unwanted users and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It might be useful if you need to implement a ratelimiter, or allow only certain users to trigger a handler.
```

> A predicate handler must implement `Handler` trait, but return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A predicate handler must implement `Handler` trait, and return
```

a [`PredicateResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/enum.PredicateResult.html)

> or any type which converts into it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or a type that converts into it:
```

|   From            | To                            |
|-------------------|-------------------------------|
| `true`            | `PredicateResult::Continue`   |
| `false`           | `PredicateResult::Stop`       |
| `Result<T, E>`    | `T.into::<PredicateResult>()` |

Example:

```rust
use carapax::{
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, Text},
    Api, Chain, PredicateExt, Ref,
};

fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {
    let handler = pong.predicate(is_ping);
    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn is_ping(text: Text) -> bool {
    text.data == "ping"
}

async fn pong(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId) {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, "pong");
    api.execute(method).await.unwrap();
}

```

### Commands

[`CommandPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.CommandPredicate.html#)

> is a decorator which allows to run handlers only when user sent a command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is a decorator which allows to run a handler only if the update is a command.
```

Reviewer: Update can not be a command, it contains a message with `bot_command` entity

Note that command name contains a leading slash (`/`).

```rust
use carapax::{
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, User},
    Api, Chain, CommandExt, Ref,
};

fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {
    let handler = greet.command("/hello");
    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn greet(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, user: User) {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, format!("Hello, {}", user.first_name));
    api.execute(method).await.unwrap();
}

```

### Access

> [AccessPredicate](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.AccessPredicate.html) allows to protect handlers from unwanted users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[AccessPredicate](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.AccessPredicate.html) allows to prevent a handler from being called if a condition is false.
```

Reviewer: Condition?

It takes an [`AccessPolicy`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/trait.AccessPolicy.html).
Policy has `is_granted` method which takes a `HandlerInput` and returns a future with `bool` output.

> If `true` is returned - access is allowed, `false` - forbidden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `true` is returned - access is granted, `false` - forbidden.
```

[InMemoryAccessPolicy](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.InMemoryAccessPolicy.html) is a simple policy 
which stores [access rules](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.AccessRule.html) in memory.

Let's see how it works:

```rust
use carapax::{
    access::{AccessExt, AccessPredicate, AccessRule, InMemoryAccessPolicy},
    types::Update,
    Chain, Predicate, HandlerResult,
};

fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {
    let policy = InMemoryAccessPolicy::from(vec![AccessRule::allow_user("username")]);
    let handler = Predicate::new(AccessPredicate::new(policy), protected_handler);
    // or using AccessExt
    // let handler = protected_handler.access(policy);
    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn protected_handler(update: Update) {
    log::info!("Got a new update in protected handler: {:?}", update);
}

```

> Since `Chain` implements `Handler` you also can protect a group of handlers or entire bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since `Chain` implements `Handler` you can also protect a group of handlers or entire bot.
```

> Of course you can implement your own policy in order to store access rules and/or a list of banned users in database or other storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Naturally, you can implement your own policy in order to store the access rules and/or a list of banned users in a database or some other storage.
```

Note that you need to enable `access` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["access"] }
```

### Ratelimit

Carapax provides a ratelimit support using [governor](https://crates.io/crates/governor) crate.

There are two type of predicates 
[`DirectRateLimitPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.DirectRateLimitPredicate.html)
and 
[`KeyedRateLimitPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.KeyedRateLimitPredicate.html)

> Direct is used when you need to limit all updates. Keyed - when you need to limit updates per chat and/or user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Direct is used when you need to apply ratelimit to all the updates. Keyed - when you need to limit updates per chat and/or user.
```

Not sure about the specifics though. I could be wrong.

> When limit is reached you can [discard](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodDiscard.html) new updates 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When limit is reached you can either [discard](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodDiscard.html) the updates,
```

> or [wait](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodWait.html) when next limiter will allow to pass an update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or [wait](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodWait.html) for the next limiter to allow the incoming update
```

Every type of predicate can be used [with](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.Jitter.html) or 
[without](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.NoJitter.html) jitter.

See [example](examples/app/ratelimit.rs) for implementation details.

> Same as in access you can protect a single handler, chain or entire bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same as in access, you can protect a single handler, a chain or the entire bot.
```

Note that you need to enable `ratelimit` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["ratelimit"] }
```

## Session

> Sessions allows to store data in a storage such as filesystem or redis. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sessions allow to store data in a storage such as filesystem or redis. 
```

> So you can implement stateful handlers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore you can implement stateful handlers.
```

Session support is implemented using [seance](http://crates.io/crates/seance) crate.

> Carapax reexports all needed types from seance and you don't have to add it to your `Cargo.toml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Carapax reexports all the needed types from seance, so you don't have to add it to your `Cargo.toml`.
```

Every session has an identifier represented by [SessionId](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.SessionId.html) struct.
Note that it contains a chat ID and an user ID, but not all types of update can provide that information.

[`SessionManager`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.SessionManager.html) allows to load a session by ID.

> Session ID in manager represented by `Into<String>` so you can use any type you want, if you have issues with updates without chat/user ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In manager, Session ID is represented by `Into<String>` so you can use any type you want, if you have issues with updates without chat/user ID.
```

> you can use any type you want

is it true? or is the type constrained to `Into<String>`?

> You can get [`Session`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.Session.html) directly from manager, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can either get [`Session`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.Session.html) directly from the manager, 
```

or use `TryFromInput` and specify `session: Session<B>` in handler arguments.

> In both cases make sure that you added session manager to context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In both cases make sure that session manager is added to the context.
```

See [example](examples/app/session.rs) for implementation details.

Note that you need to enable either `session-fs` or `session-redis` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["session-fs"] }
```

> Or simply just use `session` if you have your own backend.

Reviewer 2: > simply just

choose one

## Dialogues

> Dialogue is a kind of stateful handler. It receives an initial or previous state and returns a new state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dialogue is a kind of stateful handler. It receives an initial (i.e. old) state and returns a new one.
```

[`DialogueDecorator`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/struct.DialogueDecorator.html) allows to make a dialogue handler.

> It takes a predicate which allows to decide should we start dialogue or not and a handler itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It takes a predicate which allows to decide should we start a dialogue or not, and a handler itself.
```

Dialogue handler takes a `HandlerInput` and returns a [`DialogueResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/enum.DialogueResult.html).

> There is a [`DialogueInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/struct.DialogueInput.html) which allows to obtain a state from session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a [`DialogueInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/struct.DialogueInput.html) structure which allows to obtain a state from the session.
```

> It implements `TryFromInput`, so you can use it as argument of your handler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It implements `TryFromInput`, so you can use it as an argument of your handler.
```

> [`DialogueState`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/trait.DialogueState.html) is a trait that you must implement for your own state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`DialogueState`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/trait.DialogueState.html) is a trait that you must implement for your custom state.
```

> Dialogue name is used to determine session key for that dialogue and must be unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dialogue name is used to determine the session key for that dialogue, and must be unique.
```

> When returning a state you can convert it into `DialogueResult` without using `DialogueResult::Next(state)`: `state.into()`.

Reviewer 2: i don't like the phrasing

which allows you to execute methods and download files.
And [`UpdateHandler`](https://docs.rs/tgbot/latest/tgbot/trait.UpdateHandler.html) trait to process updates.

Carapax introduces more flexible update handlers and other utilities to build complex bots.

Let's get started:

```rust no_run
use carapax::{
    longpoll::LongPoll,
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, Text},
    webhook::run_server,
    Api, App, Context, ExecuteError, Ref, SyncedUpdateHandler
};

const DEBUG: bool = true;

async fn echo(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, text: Text) -> Result<(), ExecuteError> {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, text.data);
    api.execute(method).await?;
    Ok(())
}

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    // Create an api client with a token provided by Bot Father.
    let api = Api::new("BOT_TOKEN").expect("Failed to create API");

    // Context is a type map which allows one to share objects between handlers.
    // Every object you insert in context must implement Clone.
    let mut context = Context::default();
    context.insert(api.clone());

    // App is the main entry point.
    // First argument is the context.

>     // Second - an input handler.

Author: ```suggestion
    // Second - a handler.
```
Input one or not - it is implementation detail

    } else {
        // or webhook
        run_server(([127, 0, 0, 1], 8080), "/", SyncedUpdateHandler::new(app)).await.expect("Failed to run webhook");
    }
}
```

## Handlers

In example above `app` calls `echo` handler on every update received from Telegram API.

Handlers must implement [`Handler`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/trait.Handler.html) trait.
Since this trait is implemented for `Fn` (with up to 10 arguments), we can use regular functions as handlers.
It's recommended to use a function when you need a simple handler.
Implement `Handler` trait for your own type only in complex cases (e.g. you need a custom decorator or predicate).

Handler takes any type that implements [`TryFromInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/trait.TryFromInput.html) as input.
It should return a future with [`HandlerResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/enum.HandlerResult.html) output,
if you want to use it in `App` struct.

`App` creates a [`HandlerInput`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.HandlerInput.html) with a `Context` and an `Update`,
then converts it into an input for a specific handler using `TryFromInput` trait.

> Handler will be executed only when `TryFromInput` returns `Some(T)`.

Author: It worth to mention that in case of fn we expect all `TryFromInput` arguments must return `Some(...)`

So, in example above, `echo` will be called only when `Update` contains any `Text` (message text, media captions).

Use `Ref<T>` as the argument type when you need to get an object from the context.
If object is not found, `TryFromInput` returns an error, therefore the handler will not run.

### Chain

Chain is a handler which allows to execute several handlers, one after another:

```rust
use carapax::Chain;

async fn handler1(_: ()) {}
async fn handler2(_: ()) {}
async fn handler3(_: ()) {}

let chain = Chain::default()
    .add_handler(handler1)
    .add_handler(handler2)
    .add_handler(handler3);
```

Handlers will run in same order as added.
If a handler returns `HandlerResult::Stop` or `HandlerResult::Error(_)`, all the subsequent handlers will not run.

### HandlerResult

Normally every handler must return a `HandlerResult` or a type that converts into it:

| From            | To                          |
|-----------------|-----------------------------|
| `()`            | `HandlerResult::Stop`       |
| `true`          | `HandlerResult::Continue`   |
| `false`         | `HandlerResult::Stop`       |

> | `Result<T, E>`  | `T.into::<HandlerResult>()` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `Result<T, E>`  | `T: Into<HandlerResult>`    |
```

## Predicates

[`Predicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.Predicate.html)
is a decorator which allows to decide, should a handler run or not.
It might be useful if you need to implement a ratelimiter, or allow only certain users to trigger a handler.

A predicate handler must implement `Handler` trait, and return
a [`PredicateResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/enum.PredicateResult.html)
or a type that converts into it:

|   From            | To                            |
|-------------------|-------------------------------|
| `true`            | `PredicateResult::Continue`   |
| `false`           | `PredicateResult::Stop`       |

> | `Result<T, E>`    | `T.into::<PredicateResult>()` |

Author: Same as in suggestion above

Example:

```rust
use carapax::{
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, Text},
    Api, Chain, PredicateExt, Ref,
};

> fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {

Author: I'd like to get rid of `setup` function and move its content to the end

    let handler = pong.predicate(is_ping);
    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn is_ping(text: Text) -> bool {
    text.data == "ping"
}

async fn pong(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId) {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, "pong");
    api.execute(method).await.unwrap();
}

```

### Commands

[`CommandPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/struct.CommandPredicate.html#)
is a decorator which allows to run a handler only if update contains a command.
Note that command name contains a leading slash (`/`).

```rust
use carapax::{
    methods::SendMessage,
    types::{ChatId, User},
    Api, Chain, CommandExt, Ref,
};

> fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {

Author: Same as above

    let handler = greet.command("/hello");
    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn greet(api: Ref<Api>, chat_id: ChatId, user: User) {
    let method = SendMessage::new(chat_id, format!("Hello, {}", user.first_name));
    api.execute(method).await.unwrap();
}

```

### Access

> [AccessPredicate](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.AccessPredicate.html) allows to protect handlers.

Author: `protect` seems to be too wide term

It takes an [`AccessPolicy`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/trait.AccessPolicy.html).

> Policy has `is_granted` method which takes a `HandlerInput` and returns a future with `bool` output.

Author: Do we really need this description which user can see in rustdocs?

If `true` is returned - access is granted, `false` - forbidden.

> [InMemoryAccessPolicy](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.InMemoryAccessPolicy.html) is a policy

Author: Which also imlements `AccessPolicy`

Reviewer: Redundant

which stores [access rules](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/access/struct.AccessRule.html) in memory.

Let's see how it works:

```rust
use carapax::{
    access::{AccessExt, AccessPredicate, AccessRule, InMemoryAccessPolicy},
    types::Update,
    Chain, Predicate, HandlerResult,
};

fn setup(chain: &mut Chain) {
    let policy = InMemoryAccessPolicy::from(vec![AccessRule::allow_user("username")]);
    let handler = Predicate::new(AccessPredicate::new(policy), protected_handler);
    // or using AccessExt

>     // let handler = protected_handler.access(policy);

Author: I think better to uncomment this line and then show how it looks like without `*Ext` traits.
Users can ignore them otherwise.

    chain.add_handler(handler);
}

async fn protected_handler(update: Update) {
    log::info!("Got a new update in protected handler: {:?}", update);
}

```

> Since `Chain` implements `Handler` you can also protect a group of handlers or entire bot.

Author: We cannot protect entire bot, we can protect the top-level handler (which can be chain, for example)

> Naturally, you can implement your own policy in order to store the access rules and/or a list of banned users in a database or some other storage.

Author: ```suggestion
Naturally, you can implement your own policy in order to store access rules and/or a list of banned users in a database or some other storage.
```

Note that you need to enable `access` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml

> carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["access"] }

Author: I don't think we really should show how to enable features in cargo

```

### Ratelimit

Carapax provides a ratelimit support using [governor](https://crates.io/crates/governor) crate.

There are two type of predicates 
[`DirectRateLimitPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.DirectRateLimitPredicate.html)
and 
[`KeyedRateLimitPredicate`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.KeyedRateLimitPredicate.html)

Direct is used when you need to apply ratelimit for all incoming updates.
Keyed - when you need to limit updates per chat and/or user.

When limit is reached you can either [discard](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodDiscard.html) the updates,
or [wait](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.MethodWait.html) for the next available time slot.

Every type of predicate can be used [with](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.Jitter.html) or 
[without](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/ratelimit/struct.NoJitter.html) jitter.

> See [example](examples/app/ratelimit.rs) for implementation details.

Author: I understand `implementation details` as `how it is done inside`, so is this better maybe?
```suggestion
See [example](examples/app/ratelimit.rs) for usage details.
```

> Same as in access, you can protect a single handler, a chain or the entire bot.

Author: > or the entire bot.

That is chain

Note that you need to enable `ratelimit` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["ratelimit"] }
```

## Session

Sessions allow to store data in a storage such as filesystem or redis. 
Therefore you can implement stateful handlers.

Session support is implemented using [seance](http://crates.io/crates/seance) crate.
Carapax reexports all the needed types from seance, so you don't have to add it to your `Cargo.toml`.

Every session has an identifier represented by [SessionId](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.SessionId.html) struct.

> Note that it contains a chat ID and an user ID, but not all types of update can provide that information.

Author: > but not all types of update can provide that information

So creation of session will fail and handler will not run?

Reviewer: You will get `CreateSessionError::SessionIdNotFound`

[`SessionManager`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.SessionManager.html) allows to load a session by ID.
In manager, Session ID represented by a type constrained to `Into<String>`.
If you have issues with updates without chat/user ID just don't use `SessionId`.

You can either get [`Session`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/session/struct.Session.html) directly from the manager, 

> or use `TryFromInput` and specify `session: Session<B>` in handler arguments.

Author: Describe what B is or write a little bit about backends

In both cases make sure that session manager is added to the context.

See [example](examples/app/session.rs) for implementation details.

Note that you need to enable either `session-fs` or `session-redis` feature in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
carapax = { version = "0.11.0", features = ["session-fs"] }
```

Or just use `session` if you have your own backend.

## Dialogues

> Dialogue is a kind of stateful handler. It receives an previous state and returns a new one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dialogue is a kind of stateful handler. It receives the current state and returns a new one.
```

Is it better this way?... IMO 'previous' is not very straightforward...

[`DialogueDecorator`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/struct.DialogueDecorator.html) allows to make a dialogue handler.
It takes a predicate which allows to decide should we start a dialogue or not, and a handler itself.

> Dialogue handler takes a `HandlerInput` and returns a [`DialogueResult`](https://tg-rs.github.io/carapax/carapax/dialogue/enum.DialogueResult.html).

Author: > handler takes a `HandlerInput`

I don't think there is any matter for user
